Hey guys, I'm at a low point in my life so I wanted to create a complete profile of a depressed/aspergic person, detailing every aspect of my life so that you can recognize the symptoms.

>Body
I am currently 5'10, weigh 150 pounds. 20 years old. Gained 20 pounds since high school, am skinnyfat. Moderately bad acne due to not washing face, slighly unshaven from using an old razor. Teeth are not white, a bit off-white. Don't brush daily. Smell OK though, use deodorant and shower daily.

>Academics
I am in college right now studying economics. I failed all of the classes I took this semester. I have continuously failed courses in university since I began, got mostly As and Bs in high school. Graduated hs with a 3.3, now have a 2.1 in college. Semester always starts off poorly, and I go into a depressed cycle usually pretty quickly.
One compounding element is that I have a deep-seated contempt towards academia and its structured format. When I write papers I like to write drawn-out narratives. I am pretty decent at writing but have always refused to follow structures even though they will net me higher grades.

>Social Life
My social life is completely nonexistant. I couldn't tell you the name of more than 5 people at my university that I have been attending for three years. Then again, I was always horrible with names. I can recognize faces pretty well though. All of my interaction is done online with people like you. However I am able to socialize in school clubs and in the short term well enough, just over time I can not/do not maintain relationships. No girlfriend in the last 7 years, obviously. Don't feel lonely too much, though.

>Family
I am very withdrawn from my family, see them a few times a year. I am very close to my brother and his wife though and tell them everything. Note how I gravitate toward a very close relationship while neglecting all others.

>Autism
So there are three components of autism.
1. Obsessive Behavour (more on this later)
2. Severe Antisocial behavior (already covered)
3. Language difficulty

Having only two is considered aspergers. I only have the first two, so I classify as aspergic (and have a diagnosis)

Also another symptom is bad handwriting (my handwriting is extraordinarily bad, I have very poor fine motor control)

>Obsessions
I am obsessed with programming. I discovered it last year and found that I was very good at it because you can take your time and debug the small mathematical errors. I have always been absolutely shit at math because I make small errors which reduce in huge reductions in grades. Programming, though, I spend several hours a day working on and am getting quite decent at it.

>Studying
So on the subject of obsession I can only work on programming in a controlled environment free from
1. Noise
2. People
3. Distractions

and it must have

1. Food
2. Electricity
3. Heating
4. Internet

So usually I spend the night at university with some packed food in one of the buildings.

>Depression
So depression manifests itself not in necessarily feeling sad, but just losing feeling. I can't smell things very well. I can't really taste food too well. I eat the same things nearly every day. I don't feel very upset when a character dies in a book. I don't feel bad when I miss class. I don't feel much of anything, just small grey pulses of emotion in the back of my head when something happens, which quickly blinks out of existance. 

>Reading
I read a lot. I read practically all the time. I am a big fan of Sylvia Plath, DFW, and Pynchon, probably predictably. I like post-modernism though, as you might be able to guess, just naturally. I feel nihilistic, but in a shitty way, not a good way.

>Living Habits
I always clean up after myself in the main kitchen area, but have trouble washing my own dishes after use. Wierd sort of lazy habit though, it's like I can't bring myself to take the 10 seconds to wash a dish. Indeed many of my problems over time could have been solved in 10 seconds in the past, but I just put them off. My room is, and has always been, a mess. I just don't feel like washing my clothes or cleaning up after myself. I am self-aware enough to see that makes me a bad roommate, but I just can't help myself.

>Work
I worked for several years as a lifeguard. In college I volunteered at a sort of hospital, did not get paid for that. Live in a sort of poverty but I don't really mind as long as I have food, a place to sleep, and something to do with my time. And showers.

>Mental Health Treatment
I am on 40 mg prozac. I began a psychologist in may, went on medication in september, started psychiatry in october. I knew I was going to fall apart because I was getting ready for another depression cycle. It typically runs for 2 months or so, with breaks of 2-3 months inbetween. I knew what was going to happen because it has happened for years and went on medication. It hasn't helped much yet except with sleep. I sleep a lot less and can focus for much longer periods of time now.

>Masturbation
I masturbate 3 times a day for about an hour each. It is compulsory for me and while I do get pleasure out of it it makes up pretty much the only pleasure I feel the whole day. I particularly like lesbian porn and domination of all sorts (woman on male, male on female, female on female). Not very much a fan of trap porn, but I can still get off to it. My pornhub username is reddrag0n222 if you'd like examples.

>Childhood
On the same subject, I am from a large family. My father was a manic depressive, and mental illness ran in his family. My mother is obsessive and sometimes quite mean to her children, but I think she means well even if she drives us away. I was raised in a very christian household. Taught never to read books like harry potter or twilight, never allowed to mingle with other children, never allowed to do things after school except sports. Was very socially unhealthy even in the beginning. Although my siblings were better at handling it than me, clearly.

Hope this was informative!
Let me know if you want to know anything else.